DOC-575 | ArangoGraph Perpetual Free Tier (#397)
arangodb/docs-hugo: site/content/3.10/get-started/set-up-a-cloud-instance.md

## Free-to-Try vs. Paid

The ArangoGraph Insights Platform comes with a [perpetual free tier](../arangograph/organizations/_index.md#perpetual-free-trial)
that lets you test the platform indefinitely at no cost. It includes one project

> and one small deployment of 4GB, local backups, and one notebook for learning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and one small deployment of 4 GB, local backups, as well as one notebook for learning
```
Mention that it is 4 GB _of memory_ (per node)?

Maybe clarify what notebook means (don't make it sound like you get a free laptop 🙈 ), and what you can learn with it?
